hi guys La Paz Twitter welcome back to
my youtube channel
this is Ashton he is my baby we like
simply this video will be about how to
take septum piercings out the ones that
have like the pressure balls and they're
called like captive piercings and also
how to put these in little horseshoe
ones those of you that are in high
school or maybe I am in high school
maybe have a job where you can't wear
your septum to work you can just flip it
up into your nose and that way you don't
take it out and lose your piercing I
don't have any of the captive rings with
me but if you want to know how to take
them out its it's pretty simple you just
like grab a hold of the ball and pull it
out you might have to grab one of the
sides and kind of like they kind of like
you just like pull them and they kind of
loosen ups and the ball will pop out and
if you're having problems with it the
girl that pierced my cartilage I had one
of those piercings in my ear she said if
you have trouble getting it out just use
like a pair of pliers and and pull it
out and I was like okay that's what I
did and these are the ones that I was
where the little horseshoe ones I don't
know if they have like some kind of
official name but this is what they look
like
you just twist to take off the little
little cone put that there and you'll
obviously have a hole in your nose and
you just divide it in like so
see let's twist it around and then you
look for wherever the hole is on either
your ball or your little spike and you
twist it onto it
dang it like I was saying this is
actually pretty easy once you learn how
to do it but of course today since I'm
doing a video telling you that it's easy
to do it I'm not gonna be able to do it
okay so yeah you just twist it on and
once used to doing it it's actually
pretty easy to do and really simple to
do and then when you go to flip it up
it's it's really simple it kind of feels
like it's gonna hurt but it won't hurt
ya flip it up and I never flip this one
up and it's not gonna go so if that
happens you can just pull it to make it
a little wider there we go
yay so yeah if it's too if it's not wide
enough to flip up just pull on the metal
and that will make it wider so that it
can live up there and you can see it up
there hello Ali's natural eye I don't
like wearing spikes on the end of my
septum if I have to wear them all day
like if I have to have it flipped up all
day because you know anytime you knock
it I feel like it tickles more and then
like if you got an acting the nose it
hurts yeah if you want to pull it down
you just grab it and pull it down and
that's it that's all you do
it's really simple it's kind of I guess
scary at first the first time I ever did
it for work I was really nervous and
thought I was gonna hurt myself and I
was gonna get stuck up there um it kind
of feels like it's gonna hurt but it's
just like you have to get it over like
there's like a like a ball of hardness
right here you just have to like once
you get it past that part it's like your
nose opens up more so that it can just
sit up there and
not fall off and or not fall out and not
hurt you so yeah you have any further
questions you can comment below and ask
me yeah maybe I didn't explain myself
thoroughly and I'll try to explain
myself better look at this are you done
eating your Cheerios is your snack are
you is your snack aisle snack tout are
you snack less yeah I'm coming okay so
yeah I'll put my Instagram information
in the box below and don't forget to
subscribe and like this video and I'm
gonna go get my baby yeah bye